 how do anchors provide their services ?

how do they sell it ?


cause if we are the ones holding their infra,

we need to be like the best at it,

so they dont need to do anyting.



also the mobile app idea is far better , we can go in that direction

ASCERTAINED_FACTS:

    Stellar Anchors act as the bridge (on/off-ramps) between the Stellar network and traditional banking systems. They accept fiat deposits and issue 1:1 fiat-backed digital tokens (stablecoins). They also redeem these tokens for fiat withdrawals.

    Anchors manage regulatory compliance, KYC/AML processes, and connect with external financial systems so the core network does not have to.

    SEP-24 (Hosted Deposit and Withdrawal) is the Stellar Ecosystem Proposal that defines how wallets interact with Anchors. Under SEP-24, the Anchor provides an interactive URL that the wallet opens in a webview (or popup). All KYC and payment flow happens inside this Anchor-hosted webview, shifting the burden off the wallet provider.

    SEP-24 requires SEP-10 for authentication. The wallet authenticates via SEP-10, gets a JWT, and passes this to the Anchor's SEP-24 /transactions/deposit/interactive endpoint to receive the URL.

    If building an infrastructure platform for Anchors (B2B PaaS), the platform provides the "Anchor Platform" server components (SEP Server, Platform Server) to handle SEP requests, database tracking, and callbacks, while integrating with the Anchor's existing business logic and banking connections.

PLAN:

    Address the two parts of the user's query:

        How anchors provide and sell their services.

        Transitioning to the native mobile app idea (client-side intent) using SEP-24.

    Structure:

        The Anchor Business Model: Explain how anchors make money and sell to end-users and other businesses. (B2C wallets, B2B remittances).

        Your Role as the Infra Provider: What it means to provide the "PaaS" for anchors so they do nothing but bring their bank account.

        The Mobile App Native Flow: Detail how SEP-24 works inside a native app using webviews and mobile intents (the "far better idea").

    Use markdown headers.

    Ensure no LaTeX.

    Provide a follow-up ElicitationGroup to direct the user toward building the mobile app or the backend.

Let's refine the Anchor Business Model:

    B2C: They partner with wallets (Lobstr, Vibrant) as the integrated deposit/withdrawal method. Users pay a small fee or spread.

    B2B: They act as the local payout rail for cross-border remittance companies.

Let's refine the Mobile App Flow (SEP-24):

    Wallet queries anchor's stellar.toml (SEP-1) [3].

    Wallet authenticates user via SEP-10 to get a JWT [5].

    Wallet POSTs to Anchor's SEP-24 endpoint, gets a hosted webview URL [5].

    App opens the webview. User does Hyperverge KYC and UPI payment inside the webview [5].

    Because it's a mobile app, the webview can trigger a upi://pay deep link intent to open GPay/PhonePe.

    The webview uses a callback (like postMessage or a custom scheme return URL) to notify the app when done [5].

Constraints Check:

    End claims with citations? Yes, for search results.

    No user data? This is factual/technical advice, no user data to exploit, except remembering the context of their previous idea (Hyperverge + UPI). That's conversational context, not "user data" as defined in the prompt (which refers to the personal_context tool).

Let's write it.This is the perfect pivot. By building a native mobile app and utilizing the official SEP-24 (Hosted Deposit and Withdrawal) standard, you can build a flawless user experience while shifting all the regulatory and infrastructure heavy lifting onto your SaaS platform [5].

Here is a breakdown of how Anchors actually operate as a business, and how your native app architecture will work.
The Anchor Business Model

Stellar Anchors act as the official tollbooths between local fiat currency and the global Stellar blockchain [1]. They hold fiat reserves in traditional bank accounts and issue 1:1 backed digital tokens (stablecoins) onto the network [4].

They monetize and distribute this service in two primary ways:

    B2C Retail (In-Wallet Integrations): Anchors integrate directly into popular Stellar wallets (like Lobstr or Vibrant). When a user in India opens Lobstr and wants to buy USDC, they select your Anchor. The Anchor charges a flat fee (e.g., ₹10) or a percentage spread on the deposit/withdrawal.

    B2B Remittance (The Big Money): A company in the US wants to pay 1,000 contractors in India. They buy USDC, send it over Stellar in seconds for fractions of a penny, and route it to your Indian Anchor. Your Anchor automatically burns the USDC and triggers a local NEFT bank payout to the contractors in INR. The Anchor charges a B2B API fee for this payout rail.

Your Role as the Infra Provider: To successfully sell your PaaS (Platform as a Service) to these Anchors, your pitch is simple: "Bring your FIU license and your bank account. We provide the SEP-24 servers, the Hyperverge KYC integration, and the Stellar smart contract automation. You just collect the fees." [5]
The Native Mobile App Architecture (SEP-24)

Moving away from the browser and building a native mobile app (using React Native, Flutter, or Kotlin) is the superior architectural choice because it unlocks OS-level app-to-app communication for UPI payments.

Stellar's SEP-24 protocol is specifically designed for this. It mandates that the Anchor (your backend) hosts a secure webview where all the complex logic happens, so the wallet app remains lightweight [5].

Here is how you build the flow:
1. The Handshake (SEP-10)

When the user opens your mobile app and taps "Deposit INR", the app generates a cryptographic signature proving ownership of their Stellar wallet. It sends this to your backend via the SEP-10 standard, and your server returns a JWT (JSON Web Token) to authenticate the session [5].
2. The Interactive Webview (SEP-24)

The mobile app uses the JWT to send a POST request to your backend's SEP-24 /transactions/deposit/interactive endpoint [5].
Your backend generates a unique transaction ID and returns a secure, time-sensitive URL [5].

The mobile app pops open a native webview (e.g., WebView in React Native) pointing to this URL. Everything that happens next occurs on your server, not the local app code. [5]
3. KYC & Payment (Inside the Webview)

Inside this webview, you render two screens:

    Screen A (Hyperverge): The user uploads their Aadhaar. Your backend verifies it instantly.

    Screen B (The UPI Intent): Your webview renders the "Pay via UPI" button. Because the webview is running inside a native mobile environment, clicking the upi://pay deep link will force the phone's OS to pop open Google Pay or PhonePe directly over your app.

4. The OS Callback

The user enters their PIN in Google Pay. When the transaction finishes, Android routes the user back to your app along with the success payload and the UTR reference number.
5. The Closing Handshake

Your mobile app reads the UTR from the OS callback and injects it back into the webview. The webview securely passes it to your backend. Your backend mints the Stellar tokens.

Finally, the webview fires a postMessage callback to the mobile app saying status: completed [5]. The mobile app automatically dismisses the webview, and the user sees their newly minted tokens sitting in their balance.

Where should we start building?

we want to use a combination of both website and mobile apps,

since payment verification you told is only possible in mobile,

we do that,


rest maybe we can do in website,

or we use both to provide better UX

This is the perfect way to split the architecture. In a real-world SaaS infrastructure, you rarely use just one platform. You divide the platforms based on the actor (who is using it).

For your infrastructure to provide the best UX, you should split the project into two distinct frontends: The Anchor Dashboard (Desktop Web) and The End-User SEP-24 Flow (Mobile-Optimized Webview).

Here is how you combine both to create a seamless, professional UX for both the businesses (Anchors) and their customers.
1. The B2B Website: The Anchor Dashboard

Anchors are businesses. They will be sitting at a desk, looking at monitors, managing their treasury. They do not want to use a mobile app to configure their infrastructure.

You build a React/Next.js desktop website for them.

    Onboarding: They log in, upload their corporate documents (if you eventually do KYB), and generate their API keys.

    Configuration: They input their existing UPI ID (e.g., anchor@icici) and their Stellar distribution wallet keys.

    Analytics: They see a dashboard of all fiat deposits, Hyperverge KYC success rates, and token minting volumes.

    The "Magic" Link: Your dashboard generates the stellar.toml file configuration that they simply copy and paste into their own website's domain to become an officially discoverable Anchor on the Stellar network.

2. The B2C Mobile Layer: The SEP-24 Webview

The end-users who are actually buying the crypto will almost exclusively be on their phones, using mobile Stellar wallets like Lobstr or Vibrant.

Because of how the SEP-24 standard works, you actually do not need to build a standalone app that users download from the App Store. You build a mobile-optimized web application.

When a user clicks "Deposit" inside their Stellar wallet, the wallet natively pops open a webview pointing to your infrastructure's SEP-24 URL.

    The KYC: The webview renders the Hyperverge camera interface perfectly on mobile.

    The Payment: Because this web app is running inside a mobile OS environment, you can still trigger the upi://pay deep link intent. It will successfully jump out of the wallet, open Google Pay, and allow the user to authorize the payment.

How to Handle the "Desktop End-User" (The Hybrid Fallback)

What happens if an end-user is using a desktop wallet (like StellarX on their laptop) and wants to deposit fiat? The upi://pay deep link will not work on a Mac or Windows PC.

This is where you combine the UX flows:

    Detect the Device: Your SEP-24 web app detects if the user is on a desktop or a mobile device.

    Mobile UX: If mobile, show the "Pay via Google Pay" deep link button.

    Desktop UX: If desktop, dynamically generate a standard UPI QR Code on the screen.

    The Handoff: The user picks up their phone, opens their camera, and scans the QR code on your website to pay.

    The Verification: Because you cannot catch an OS callback from a QR scan, this is where you use the Bank Email Webhook method we discussed earlier. While the user is scanning the QR code, your desktop website opens a WebSocket (or polls) your backend. The moment your backend parses the bank's "Deposit Successful" email, it pushes an event to the desktop website, turning the screen green and minting the tokens.




 go deep about the MOBILE UX.

Designing the mobile UX for a Stellar Anchor requires a very specific mental model: You do not control the native app.

Your end-users are operating inside third-party Stellar wallets (like Lobstr, Vibrant, or your own custom wallet). Your entire infrastructure exists inside a Webview (a miniature web browser) that pops up over the wallet's UI.

Because you are confined to this webview, you cannot write native Android/iOS code to catch the UPI callback. You must engineer a web-based UX that elegantly bridges the gap between the wallet, your webview, and the user's UPI app (Google Pay/PhonePe).

Here is the deep dive into exactly what the user sees, and how your webview handles the engineering underneath.
The Perfect End-User Journey

If engineered correctly, the user never feels like they left their crypto wallet.

    The Entry: The user taps "Deposit INR" inside their Stellar wallet.

    The Slide-Up: A modal slides up from the bottom of the screen. This is your Anchor's hosted webview.

    The KYC (Hyperverge): The user is prompted to take a selfie and scan their Aadhaar card. Because the camera API works inside mobile webviews, they do this without leaving the screen.

    The Intent Tap: The user sees a "Pay ₹100 via UPI" button. They tap it.

    The OS Takeover: The wallet disappears, and the user's preferred UPI app (e.g., Google Pay) opens directly to the PIN entry screen, with the amount pre-filled.

    The Return: The user enters their PIN. Google Pay closes, and the phone's OS automatically drops the user exactly where they left off — staring at your webview.

    The Magic Close: The webview instantly says "Payment Successful!", mints the tokens, and automatically closes itself. The user sees their new balance in the wallet.

Engineering the Webview Flow (SEP-24)

To achieve that seamless UX, your web-based frontend (React, Next.js, or plain HTML/JS) must handle several complex handoffs.

1
Accept the SEP-24 Callback Parameter
The wallet initiates the flow

When the wallet opens your URL in its webview, it appends &callback=postMessage to your URL [5]. This is the wallet telling your web application: "When you are completely finished with the deposit, fire a Javascript postMessage so I know to close this window" [5].
2
Execute the UPI Intent
Triggering the OS

Inside your React app, you render an HTML button wrapped in the UPI deep link schema: href="upi://pay?pa=anchor@bank&pn=Anchor&tr=TXN_123&am=100". When tapped, the mobile OS intercepts this special upi:// link, suspends the wallet app, and opens the payment app.
3
Listen for the 'VisibilityChange' Event
The UX Trap

Because you are in a webview, you cannot natively catch the success payload from Google Pay. When Google Pay closes, the OS simply brings the wallet (and your webview) back to the foreground. You must use the Page Visibility API. Write an event listener in your frontend that detects when document.visibilityState changes from hidden back to visible.
4
Trigger the Polling Mechanism
Backend verification

The moment the webview becomes visible again, your frontend immediately starts polling your backend (or opens a WebSocket): "Did transaction TXN_123 settle?" Your backend (which just parsed the bank's success email) responds with Status: Success.
5
Fire postMessage and Close
SEP-24 Completion

Your frontend displays a green checkmark. It then executes window.parent.postMessage("bpaTransfer24Window", "*") (or the specific payload the wallet requested) [5]. The wallet intercepts this message, closes your webview modal, and refreshes the user's token balance.
Critical UX Fallbacks to Build

Not every environment supports upi:// intents. If a user is on a desktop wallet, or if their specific mobile wallet has strict webview security that blocks external intents, your UI will break if you only offer a deep link.

The Hybrid UI Component:
You should build a single React component that dynamically renders the correct payment method based on the userAgent of the browser.

    If Mobile (/android|iphone|ipad/i.test(navigator.userAgent)): Render the large, tap-friendly "Pay via UPI App" button (Intent Flow).

    If Desktop/Blocked: Render a Dynamic QR Code on the screen. The user simply picks up their phone, opens their camera, and scans the screen to pay. Because your backend is listening for the bank email regardless of how the payment was initiated, the rest of the verification flow remains identical.

Want to see the React code for this flow?

okay but how do we do this inside the wallets ??

To make your platform invisible and provide a "no-effort" experience for the Anchors, you have to understand exactly how third-party Stellar wallets (like Lobstr, Vibrant, or any app using the Stellar protocol) handle deposits.

You do not need to build your own wallet app, and the Anchors do not need to build theirs. The entire interaction is governed by the official Stellar Ecosystem Proposal 24 (SEP-24), which defines a standardized way for a wallet to open an Anchor's services natively inside its own interface.

Here is the deep, step-by-step engineering breakdown of how your infrastructure embeds itself directly inside any ecosystem wallet.
The Technical Lifecycle of an In-Wallet Deposit

The wallet app uses your infrastructure behind the scenes long before the user ever sees a screen. This four-step loop enables a seamless handoff from the native crypto wallet to your mobile payment webview, and back again.

[User taps Deposit in Wallet]
           │
           ▼
[Wallet queries Anchor's stellar.toml] ──► Reads API Endpoint URL
           │
           ▼
[Wallet signs challenge via SEP-10]    ──► Returns Secure Session JWT
           │
           ▼
[Wallet requests Interactive URL]       ──► Returns unique Webview Link
           │
           ▼
[Wallet opens Modal Webview]            ──► User completes KYC & UPI Transfer

1. The Discovery (SEP-1)

When an end-user opens a wallet (e.g., Lobstr) and selects "Deposit INR," the wallet looks up the Anchor's domain name (which your platform configures for them). The wallet fetches a static file located at https://anchor-domain.com/.well-known/stellar.toml.

Inside this file, your infrastructure specifies its API endpoints:
Ini, TOML

# Inside the Anchor's stellar.toml file hosted on your infrastructure
TRANSFER_SERVER_SEP0024="https://api.your-infra-platform.com/sep24"
WEB_AUTH_ENDPOINT="https://api.your-infra-platform.com/auth"

2. The Cryptographic Handshake (SEP-10)

To prevent unauthorized access, the wallet must prove who the user is without sharing private keys. The wallet hits your WEB_AUTH_ENDPOINT. Your server issues a cryptographic challenge transaction. The wallet signs it using the user's private key and sends it back. Your server verifies the signature and issues a JSON Web Token (JWT). This JWT authorizes the user's session.
3. Fetching the Interactive Link (SEP-24)

The wallet makes an authenticated POST request to your /transactions/deposit/interactive endpoint, passing parameters like the asset code (INRT) and the destination wallet address.

Your backend creates a pending transaction in your database, links it to that specific Anchor's UPI profile, and generates a temporary, secure URL:
Plaintext

https://webview.your-infra-platform.com/deposit?token=JWT_STRING&transaction_id=TX_98765

Your server sends this URL back to the wallet in a JSON response.
4. The Webview Takeover & UPI Intent

The moment the wallet receives the URL, it natively pops open an in-app browser overlay (a webview) displaying your platform's mobile web page.

Because the webview is running inside the mobile phone's native OS environment, your web frontend can invoke the mobile operating system's protocol handlers. When the user taps your payment button, your code executes a location change:
JavaScript

window.location.href = "upi://pay?pa=anchor@icici&pn=Anchor&tr=TX_98765&am=100";

The mobile OS (Android or iOS) immediately intercepts the upi:// protocol, pauses the wallet application, and opens the user's Google Pay or PhonePe app to complete the transaction.
Managing the State and Closing the Webview

Once the user completes the payment inside Google Pay, the phone's OS brings the wallet app (and your webview) back to the foreground. Since a webview cannot natively know if a third-party payment app succeeded, you must handle the closing handshake programmatically.

The standard layout for this system involves tracking state transitions across the frontend webview, your infrastructure backend, and the parent wallet application.

An interactive visualization can help map out this coordination. By adjusting parameters like the payment status or triggering a device switch, you can see how the architecture responds dynamically to complete the deposit.

Was this visual helpful?
The PostMessage Handshake

When your backend verifies the incoming transaction (via the automated email parsing loop or checking account logs), the status of the transaction in your database turns to completed.

Your webview, which has been polling the backend or listening to a WebSocket, detects this change and must tell the parent wallet app to shut down the webview window. The SEP-24 standard specifies that your web app must broadcast a message:
JavaScript

// Notify the parent wallet app that the transaction is done
if (window.opener) {
  window.opener.postMessage({
    type: "log-in", // Or the specific event string requested by the wallet
    transaction: { id: "TX_98765", status: "completed" }
  }, "*");
} else {
  // Fallback for wallets listening to parent frames
  window.parent.postMessage("bpaTransfer24Window", "*");
}

The wallet app intercepts this web message, deletes the webview overlay, and refreshes its own interface. The tokens are now natively visible inside the user's primary wallet application. Your platform handled the KYC, routed the payment, and executed the blockchain transaction while staying completely branded under the Anchor's ecosystem.









for the actual payment verification,
we can use either our wallet app or build SDKs.

